PUBAPI-804 Provide access to KVM Console for end users (#293)
joyent/node-triton: CHANGES.md

## not yet released

> - [PUBAPI-804] Provide access to KVM Console for end users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TRITON-426] Provide access to KVM Console for end users. Use
  `triton instance vnc` to start a local VNC server for your instance.
```
